1 Readme
********

The DBusKit framework provides Objective-C applications with bindings
for the D-Bus inter-process communication system. It allows Objective-C
applications to transparently access services exposed via D-Bus.

1.1 Build and Install
=====================

Please refer to the `INSTALL' file for information about dependencies
and instructions about installing the library.

1.2 Mac OS X Support
====================

DBusKit makes use of the typed selectors feature of the Objective-C
runtime. Since typed selectors are not available in Apple's libobjc,
Mac OS X is not supported by DBusKit.

1.3 Test suite
==============

Execute `make test=yes' to compile and run the test suite. This
requires the UnitKit framework from Étoilé and a working D-Bus
installation.

1.4 License
===========

The DBusKit library is covered under the  GNU Lesser Public License.
This means you can use it in any program (even non-free programs). If
you distribute the library along with your program, you must make the
improvements you have made freely available. You should read the
COPYING file in the root directory of the framework distribution for
more information. The file `Source/type_encoding_cases.h' is originally
part of the GNUstep Objective-C runtime and licensed under the MIT
license. All other files in the `Source', `Headers', and `Tests'
directories are covered under the LGPL.

   The associated tools and examples are covered under the GNU Public
License. This means if you make changes to these programs, you cannot
charge a fee, other than distribution fees, for others to use the
program. You should read the COPYING file for more information. All
files in the `Examples' and `Tools' directories are covered under the
GPL.

   The documentation is, unless noted otherwise, licensed under the GNU
Free Documentation License (with no Invariant Sections or Cover Texts).

   Copyright (C) 2010 Free Software Foundation

   Copying and distribution of this file, with or without modification,
are permitted in any medium without royalty provided the copyright
notice and this notice are preserved.

